“刘光印,钱东海,肖子鸣,等. 基于ROS架构的叉车型AGV控制系统设计开发研究 [J]. 自动化与仪表, 2024, 39 (05): 34-39. DOI:10.19557/j.cnki.1001-9944.2024.05.008.”
LIU Guangyin,QIAN Donghai,XIAO Ziming,et al. Design and development of forklift AGV control system based on ROS architecture [J]. Automation and Instrumentation, 2024, 39 (05): 34-39. DOI:10.19557/j.cnki.1001-9944.2024.05.008.



The version used in this article is ROS-Noetic. based on (ROS), a new control system is designed. 
The control system adopts a two-layer control architecture, and the control platform is realized through the modular design idea.
The upper controller adopts an embedded industrial computer equipped with Linux operating system and ROS to realize the immediate positioning and mapping (SLAM) and path tracking functions of the forklift-type AGV.
The lower controller adopts Siemens PLC to realize the acquisition of I/O signals to achieve a variety of control and monitoring.

This paper introduces the positioning and navigation control software implementation of ROS in the direction of ROS
Node is the basic execution unit of ROS system, through TOPIC and SERVICE communication.

This paper divides it into system layer and application layer. The system layer includes the Linux operating system and the ROS robot operating system installed on it, which is responsible for the management and coordination of the whole software system. 
The application layer is located on top of the system layer and is responsible for realizing specific applications according to the received information and user requirements. 
The application layer contains several task nodes, each responsible for realizing different functions.

The following is more interesting and better explains the role of ROS
“ROS-based AGV control program design by encapsulating the data generated by LIDAR, encoder, and IMU in different functional nodes respectively, and publish it in the form of a topic, and then other nodes subscribe to the topic. 
Multiple nodes can be encapsulated into different functional packages to realize their respective functions according to the functional requirements. 
The functional nodes contained in the information acquisition, application algorithm and driver control modules can be written in xml language with corresponding launch startup files, and then multiple nodes can be launched at the same time through the roslaunch command.”




这篇文章使用的版本是ROS-Noetic。基于（ROS），设计了一套新的控制系统。 
该控制系统采用双层控制架构，通过模块化的设计思想实现了控制平台的搭建。
上层控制器采用装有Linux操作系统和ROS的嵌入式工控机实现叉车型AGV的即时定位与建图（SLAM）及路径跟踪功能。
下层控制器采用西门子PLC实现对I/O信号的采集，实现多种控制与监测。

本文在ROS方向介绍了ROS 的定位及导航控制软件实现
节点是ROS系统的基本执行单元，通过TOPIC 和 SERVICE 通信

本文将其分为分为系统层和应用层。 系统层包括 Linux 操作系统和其上安装的 ROS 机器人操作系统，负责整个软件系统的管理和协调。 
应用层位于系统层之上，负责根据接收到的信息和用户的要求实现具体的应用。 
应用层包含多个任务节点，每个节点负责实现不同的功能。

以下内容比较有意思，较好的解释了ROS的作用
“基于 ROS 的 AGV 控制程序设计通过将激光雷达、编码器、IMU 生成的数据分别封装在不同的功能节点中，并以话题的形式发布出来，再由其它节点订阅该话题。 
多个节点可以根据功能需求封装为不同的功能包，实现其各自的功能。 信息采集、应用算法和驱动控制模块所包含的功能节点可以用 xml语言编写相应的 launch 启动文件，再通过 roslaunch命令实现多个节点的同时启动。”

Y. Rong, Y. Zhang, G. Liu, Y. Wang and P. Wang, "Implementation of Pedestrian Detection Algorithm Based on Improved Yolov3-Tiny in ROS Framework," 2022 6th International Conference on Robotics and Automation Sciences (ICRAS), Wuhan, China, 2022, pp. 242-246, doi: 10.1109/ICRAS55217.2022.9842037.
keywords: {Automation;Heuristic algorithms;Real-time systems;Data models;Mobile robots;Detection algorithms;Yolov3-Tiny;pedestrian;detection;multi-scale fusion;ROS},

This article focuses on the use of the YOLO V3 visual recognition algorithm on a robotic platform for working with operations. Their platform is based on the ROS system and the authors emphasize the beneficial aspects of the ROS framework for their visual implementation. 
In particular, it explains that "the ROS-based Darknet_ros feature package allows for the detection of pedestrian targets in complex scenes, with a relatively low leakage rate for the detection of pedestrian heads and shoulders"

这篇文章主要讲述了在机器人平台上使用YOLO V3 视觉识别算法来进行工作的操作。其中他们的平台是基于ROS系统的，作者强调了ROS框架对于其视觉实现的有利方面。尤其说明了“基于ROS的Darknet_ros功能包可以在复杂场景中检测出行人目标，对行人头部、肩部的检测相对降低了漏检率”


 Cui Yufan and Niu Zijie, "Simulation and Implementation of SLAM Drawing Based on ROS Wheeled Mobile Robot[J]", Journal of Physics: Conference Series, vol. 1865, no. 4, 2021.



  Calvo-Fullana, M, Mox, D, Pyattaev, A, Fink, J, Kumar, V & Ribeiro, A 2021, ‘ROS-NetSim: A Framework for the Integration of Robotic and Network Simulators’, arXiv.org.---------------------------------------------------------This article is more important


This article describes a tool called ROS-NetSim, which integrates robotics and network simulators through a ROS interface, 
and is designed to simulate Perception-Action-Communication (PAC) loops in multi-robot systems in a high-fidelity manner.
ROS-NetSim is lightweight, modular, and adaptable, and is able to work with a wide range of existing network and physical simulators. 
The article describes in detail the architecture of ROS-NetSim, including how the physical and network coordinators work, 
and demonstrates its application to a UAV patrol mission, with experimental results proving the system's impact on communication performance under different environmental conditions. 
The advantages of ROS-NetSim in terms of flexibility and transparency are summarized, and its potential extended applications in multi-host ROS systems and ROS2 are discussed.


这篇文章介绍了一种名为ROS-NetSim的工具，它通过ROS接口集成机器人和网络仿真器，旨在高保真地模拟多机器人系统中的感知-动作-通信（PAC）环路。ROS-NetSim具有轻量、模块化和适应性强的特点，能够与多种现有的网络和物理仿真器兼容。
文章详细描述了ROS-NetSim的架构，包括物理协调器和网络协调器如何工作，并展示了其在无人机巡逻任务中的应用，通过实验结果证明了该系统在不同环境条件下对通信性能的影响。总结了ROS-NetSim在灵活性和透明性方面的优势，并讨论了其在多主机ROS系统和ROS2中的潜在扩展应用。


























