2024/5/23-6/1 oweek week1

Before selecting a model, there are several considerations
1, which version is supported by the hardware device?
2, Consideration of version evolvability and potential
First I need to determine what version and environment I am using.

Versions
ROS Noetic Ninjemys.
Suitable for legacy ROS 1 projects.
Supports Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.
Mature tool libraries such as rosserial and good community support.

ROS 2 Foxy Fitzroy.
LTS version, supported until 2023.
Suitable for projects with higher requirements for future scalability and performance.
Supports Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.
Provides modernized architecture and middleware support.

Here I'll start with Ros1, the 1st version, and later on I'll put ROS2 into a comprehensive evaluation and consideration as the case may be. 
I will also take a stab at version 2, but I'll use version 1 as a baseline for now


2024/6/3-9 week2
This week's schedule
Read ROS-related literature and continue to advance my learning based on the program itself. I will look for and read ROS related papers. 
At the same time, I will organize and prepare them. Organize reading notes and thoughts on github.

2024/6/10-16 week3
Try out ROS on a specific hardware model. At the same time, I will continue to read related papers. Prepare for the project report later on.

2024/6/17 - 7/7 week4-6

Basically complete the pre-validation work. Achieve the following goals.

Description: Understand the system requirements by analysing the smart-cup Python program and discussing with Jonathan and Reza. 
At the same time you should learn how to use ROS and find out what ROS features you would use in developing this system.
Milestones:
1.Identify and document sensor specifications, data formats, and communication protocols for the wearables, camera, and radars.
2.Define system requirements (e.g using MoSCoW method)
3.Define system architecture, including data flow and interaction with ROS.
4.Select development tools and software libraries.
Deliverables: Requirements document, system design document, selected tools and libraries list.

Do as much as possible by week 7 to have the appropriate materials ready for the opening paper in week 8.
